I'm done. And I'm sorry.
Really? You think I have to marry you? You'll regret this.
Tevina. From now on, we have no more obstacles in our way.
And like I said, I will always protect you.
Dale, I trust you. You're a hero.
Mom. Dad.
Devina's the one who took care of me.
Those long three years while I was in a coma.
She worked tirelessly every day to pay for my treatment.
She's my garden angel. I want her to be my life.
Leo, you're not being very genuinely.
You haven't even asked dear Devina if she's willing.
Right, I am. Sorry I got too excited.
Remarining. I will.
Leo is back and I will host a grand welcome party for you.
And we will announce that Leo and Devina are getting married.
That's a brilliant idea, my dear. Dear friends, please invite all of your family and friends.
We'll make a major announcement that Devina will be a member of the Brandoar family.
Mr. Brandoar, we might not do it this way because we don't have a lot of money.
We don't have a big family or a lot of friends.